# PRIVACY POLICY

**Last updated October 07, 2023**

This privacy notice for SXYA Community (doing business as SXYA) ('**we**', '**us**', or '**our**'),
describes how and why we might collect, theme, use,
and/or share ('**process**') your information when you use our services ('**Services**'), such as when you:

- Visit our website at sxya.org, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice

- Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

**Questions or concerns?** Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you
do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or
concerns, please contact us at support@sxya.org.

## SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

**_This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics
by clicking the link following each key point or by using our [table of contents](#toc) below to find the section you
are looking for._**

**What personal information do we process?** When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal
information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features
you use. Learn more about [personal information you disclose to us](#personalinfo).

**Do we process any sensitive personal information?** We do not process sensitive personal information.

**Do we receive any information from third parties?** We may receive information from public databases, marketing
partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources. Learn more
about [information collected from other sources](#othersources).

**How do we process your information?** We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services,
communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information
for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn
more about [how we process your information](#infouse).

**In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?** We may share information in specific
situations and with specific third parties. Learn more
about [when and with whom we share your personal information](#whoshare).

**How do we keep your information safe?** We have organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to
protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage
technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information. Learn more about [how we keep your information safe](#infosafe).

**What are your rights?** Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you
have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about [your privacy rights](#privacyrights).

**How do you exercise your rights?** The easiest way to exercise your rights is by contacting us. We will consider
and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? [Review the privacy notice in full](#toc).

## <a id="toc"></a> TABLE OF CONTENTS

[1\. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?](#infocollect)

[2\. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?](#infouse)

[3\. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?](#whoshare)

[4\. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?](#cookies)

[5\. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?](#sociallogins)

[6\. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?](#inforetain)

[7\. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?](#infosafe)

[8\. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#privacyrights)

[9\. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES](#DNT)

[10\. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?](#policyupdates)

[11\. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)

[12\. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?](#request)

## <a id="infocollect"></a> 1\. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

### Personal information you disclose to us

**_In Short:_** _We collect personal information that you provide to us._

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an
interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the
Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

**Personal Information Provided by You.** The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal
information we collect may include the following:

- names

- phone numbers

- email addresses

- passwords

- usernames

- contact preferences

**Sensitive Information.** We do not process sensitive information.

**Social Media Login Data.** We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media
account details, like your Facebook, Twitter, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we
will collect the information described in the section called '[HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?](#sociallogins)'
below.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any
changes to such personal information.

### Information automatically collected

**_In Short:_** _Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device
characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services._

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not
reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such
as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device
name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This
information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics
and reporting purposes.

Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about
this in our Cookie Notice: [http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies](http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies).

The information we collect includes:

- _Log and Usage Data._ Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our
  servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how
  you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and
  information about your activity in the Services(such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and
  files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as
  system activity, error reports (sometimes called 'crash dumps'), and hardware settings).

### Information collected from other sources

**_In Short:_** _We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, \_social media platforms,_ and
other outside sources.\_

In order to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services to you and update our records, we
may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, affiliate
programs, data providers, social media platforms, and from other third parties. This information includes mailing
addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behaviour data), Internet Protocol (IP)
addresses, social media profiles, social media URLs, and custom profiles, for purposes of targeted advertising and event
promotion. If you interact with us on a social media platform using your social media account (e.g. Facebook or
Twitter), we receive personal information about you such as your name, email address, and gender. Any personal
information that we collect from your social media account depends on your social media account's privacy settings.

## <a id="infouse"></a> 2\. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** _We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your
consent._

**We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services,
including:**

- **To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.** We may process your
  information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.

- **To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We may process your information to provide you with
  the
  requested service.

- **To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may process your information to respond to your inquiries
  and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.

- **To send administrative information to you.** We may process your information to send you details about our products
  and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.

- **To administer prize draws and competitions.** We may process your information to administer prize draws and
  competitions.

## <a id="whoshare"></a> 3\. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** _We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following
third parties._

**Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.** We may share your data with third-party vendors,
service providers, contractors, or agents ('**third parties**') who perform services for us or on our behalf and require
access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to
help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless
we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organisation apart from
us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The third
parties we may share personal information with are as follows:

- **Allow Users to Connect to Their Third-Party Accounts**

Discord account, GitHub account, Google account, Steam account and Windows Live account

- **Content Optimisation**

Google Fonts

- **Functionality and Infrastructure Optimisation**

Cloudflare Pages and Cloudflare CDN

- **User Account Registration and Authentication**

Auth0

- **Web and Mobile Analytics**

Google Analytics

- **Website Hosting**

Cloudflare Pages

- **Website Performance Monitoring**

Sentry

- **Website Testing**

Cloudflare

We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:

- **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
  merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

## <a id="cookies"></a> 4\. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?

**_In Short:_** _We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and theme your information._

We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or theme information.
Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie
Notice: [http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies](http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies).

## <a id="sociallogins"></a> 5\. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?

**_In Short:_** _If you choose to register or log in to our Services using a social media account, we may have access to
certain information about you._

Our Services offer you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (like your
Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from
your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider
concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other
information you choose to make public on such a social media platform.

We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are
otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for,
other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their
privacy notice to understand how they collect, use, and share your personal information, and how you can set your
privacy preferences on their sites and apps.

## <a id="inforetain"></a> 6\. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

**_In Short:_** _We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy
notice
unless otherwise required by law._

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy
notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal
requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than three (3)
months past the termination of the user's account.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or
anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored
in backup archives), then we will securely theme your personal information and isolate it from any further processing
until deletion is possible.

## <a id="infosafe"></a> 7\. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

**_In Short:_** _We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and technical security
measures._

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the
security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information,
no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to
defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to
protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk.
You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

## <a id="privacyrights"></a> 8\. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

**_In Short:_** _You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time._

**Withdrawing your consent:** If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may be
express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the
section '[HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)' below.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when
applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful
processing grounds other than consent.

### Account Information

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:

- Contact us using the contact information provided.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active
databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

**Cookies and similar technologies:** Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can
usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject
cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Services. For further information, please see our Cookie
Notice: [http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies](http://www.sxya.org/policies/cookies).

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at support@sxya.org.

## <a id="DNT"></a> 9\. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ('DNT') feature or
setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has
been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in
the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

## <a id="policyupdates"></a> 10\. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

_**In Short:** Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws._

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Revised' date
and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy
notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your
information.

## <a id="contact"></a> 11\. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at support@sxya.org.

## <a id="request"></a> 12\. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

You have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete
it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please contacting us by using the contact details
provided in the section '[HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)' above.
